# Saturday Agenda

[TOC]

## 9:35 am What's new in 2.11, what's coming in 2.12

An overview of the new features and important fixes that are included
in Gerrit 2.11, followed by a preview of the new features coming in
Gerrit 2.12.

[Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1xfO_qXIxO4nErjmYFlPu6eNYD82gNv9q7ce0LzeqGO8/edit?usp=sharing).

*David Pursehouse, Sony Mobile*

## 10:00 am Google Store!

The Google Store will be open to us between 10:00 am and 2:00 pm today
(Saturday).  Please show your "Gerrit User Summit" badge to gain
access to the store.  The store is located at:

> 1981 Landings Drive,
> Mountain View, CA
> 
> [map](https://www.google.com/maps/place/1981+Landings+Dr,+Mountain+View,+CA+94043/@37.418634,-122.087419,17z/data=!4m2!3m1!1s0x808fba0168aac6df:0x124c212de8b51510)

This is several blocks away.  You may prefer to drive.  The famous
"Android statue" farm is also located here and is a frequent photo
opportunity.

## 10:00 am Coupling Changes

Topic based submission of multiple changes at once.  Sometimes this
has been referred to as atomic submit.

[Slides](https://storage.googleapis.com/gerrit-talks/summit/2015/Coupling-Changes.pdf)

*Stefan Beller, Google*

## 11:00 am Impact of Modern Code Review Practices

Software teams that use modern code reviewing tools like Gerrit are
quickly accumulating data about their code reviewing processes.  In
our research, we mine this code review data, connecting it with data
from other software repositories (e.g., version control, bug trackers)
to produce rich datasets.  We then analyze these datasets to study the
impact that code reviewing has on: (a) software release quality
(approximated using occurrences of post-release bugs) and (b) software
design quality (approximated using occurrences of design
anti-patterns).  In this talk, I will describe our approach to Gerrit
mining code review data and the results of some of our recent
empirical studies of the code reviewing processes of large open source
systems, such as Qt and OpenStack.

[Slides](https://www.dropbox.com/s/rphmjkay4yf22dy/GerritSummit.pdf?dl=0)

[more](http://shanemcintosh.org/tags/code-review.html)

*Shane McIntosh, McGill University*

## 1:00 pm GerritHub: 2 years in

[GerritHub](http://gerrithub.io/) launched 2 years ago, bringing
Gerrit to GitHub repositories. Learn more about how this is going.

*Luca Milanesio* [GerritForge](http://www.gerritforge.com)

[Slides](http://www.slideshare.net/lucamilanesio/gerrithubio-present-past-future)

## 1:00 pm Gerrit in a Windows world

Managing Gerrit in a mostly-Windows environment, and how we've helped
simplify and improve the new employee setup process by automating many
of the Git and Gerrit configuration steps.

*Doug Kelly, Garmin*

## 1:30 pm SAML in a weekend

Single Sign-on (SSO) enables users to conveniently sign in into an
organization's internal application by using a single set of
credentials.  More than that, by signing once, they gain access to all
the applications they need.  Besides the obvious convenience SSO
provides to end users, IT administrators can manage all their users
and their access rights from a central place.  In this talk, I will
show you how we implemented SSO via SAML for Gerrit in just one
weekend.

*Nadav S Samet, TrueAccord*

## 1:30 pm Gertty: Console Interface to Gerrit

Gertty is a console-based interface to Gerrit implementing using
Gerrit's comprehensive REST API.  Gertty's author will discuss his
experience using the API, demonstrate the unique capabilities afforded
by a secondary interface, and show some ASCII art.

*James Blair, OpenStack / IBM*

## 2:00 pm Ericsson's migration to Gerrit

*Frank Stockmans, Ericsson*

[Slides](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1-BZBBIpnR6THOHE0mKyVOvRNXPH-sFKp)

## 3:00 pm Gerrit at Yahoo, a 2-year Journey

Sharing our experience in these 2 years on Gerrit's growth in Yahoo
from a single team pilot to the company wide recommended code review
solution.

We will talk about the reason why we chose Gerrit and how we move
forward the adoption along with Git and GitHub, Chef based
deployments, submit rules customizations, and a few metrics we created
to facilitate better use of Gerrit and code reviews in general, also
the critical role Gerrit played in the landscape of continuous
delivery.

*Shanbin Wang, Yahoo*

[Slides](https://drive.google.com/file/d/0BxQu3m7vXWQfOUc5UzljLUdLb0U/view?usp=sharing)

## 3:30 pm Git at Google

*Shawn Pearce, Google*

[Slides](https://storage.googleapis.com/gerrit-talks/summit/2015/Git-at-Google.pdf)

## 3:45 pm Gerrit at Intel

*Jorj-Cezar Munteanu*
